Docs for high contrast mode in Kibana (#1986)
elastic/docs-content: cloud-account/high-contrast.md

---

> applies_to:
>   stack: ga 9.1
>   serverless: all

Author: ```suggestion
description: Use high-contrast mode in Kibana.
applies_to:
  stack: beta 9.1
  serverless: unavailable
  deployment:
    self: beta 9.1
    ess: unavailable
products:
  - id: kibana
```

---
description: Use high-contrast mode in Kibana.
applies_to:
  stack: beta 9.1
  serverless: unavailable
  deployment:
    self: beta 9.1
    ess: unavailable
products:
  - id: kibana
---

# Use high-contrast mode in Kibana

You can change the interface contrast mode of Kibana to improve visibility and readability in low-light conditions.

1. Open the user menu from the header.

> 2. Select **Appearance**.

Author: ```suggestion
2. Select **Edit profile**.
```
